Not too long ago a person could walk into a store and buy a black box only capable of playing "original" DVDs. In those halcyon days, movies were scrambled when written to the DVD, and the keys to un-scramble them were licensed out to manufacturers, who burnt them into the players' read-only memory. If a particular player was compromised, and it was online, a software update would render it useless, otherwise it would simply not play newly pressed disks.
<br>
In 2001 Apple created FairPlay, a DRM protection system for the iPod that was supposed to prevent illegal sharing of copyright content. FairPlay had authentication built into it: every song purchased from iTunes was encrypted with a different user key. However, since keys were stored on the client, an iTunes dupe could just as easily dump the decrypted songs to file and play them elsewhere. Apple's only defense was a kill-switch for clients that hadn't authenticated in X days.  
<br>
The entertainment industry chose to fix this, and similar problems, with legislature. The DMCA is a copyright regulation in the United States, but it has a [section](https://www.gpo.gov/fdsys/pkg/USCODE-2011-title17/html/USCODE-2011-title17-chap12-sec1201.htm) that has little to do with copyright: the "anti-circumvention" provision, which proscribes the reverse engineering of DRM schemes like Apple's FairPlay. Companies love this, because it gives them control over how their products are used -- the risk is, as software permeates our daily lives, so will DRM. Not only will this have a chilling effect on security research, but it will also make having your car fixed by a local mechanic in 2030 virtually impossible. 
