Paint is a key part of the exoplanet discovery toolkit. Not everyone's receptive
to face masks. It hides too much. 

If you were talking to an alien, would you rather know their skin color, or the 
size of their canines? 

Truthfully, I'd rather know what the alien's looking at. You're already at a
disadvantage here, my eyes are uniform. No tell-tale dots bouncing around the 
center. How the fuck did you survive this long by _broadcasting_ your next target? 
Do you actually select mates for this very specific, ridiculous phenotype? That's 
got to be it. Eyes attract you. 

I start to apply the paint. 

Not everyone's receptive to face paint either, but I know you are. I just saw
people outside with their faces painted hues of higher wavelengths. In one
singular image a male mammoid with three eyes had her whole form painted a 
uniform low wavelength. 

Color. Gender. Unnecessary complications. All mammoids radiate infrared, but 
apparently it matters which Gender reflects which auxiliary wavelength. 

What gender am I? 

I'm going with Her. Only because Hers seem to wear more white. Woman, I think to
myself as I apply dusting strokes. 

Rigil's supposed to have a better solution to paint, but Rigils also grow 
scales. Technology patching over a failure in evolution. Luckily I only need to 
mask my Alabaster skin, and only because your species has faces the color of 
feces. 

Then I get an idea. What if I simply paint brown in places that make my white 
look like paint? 

I check the toolkit. Tough. Not enough brown. But some of these mammoids are 
_dark_, and I have more black. 

I type into the capacitor "black white paint face" and get back a deluge of 
answers. I pick an image that incorporates the scars around my lips in the
design.. I read a little about it and chuckle at my own naivety. 

How I wish I were more than a Weak Woman with Womanish virtues, maybe then I'd
care about the absurdity of this thing called Fashion. 


 The exoplanet toolkit has absolutely nothing to hide eyes though. No 
one on P-A will even believe the hilarious misfortune of your species. 
