So far, we have seen two instances of Contact with an extra terrestrial race.

* Lun, a North Korean Admiral, woke up to a voice in her head. 
* Riak, a psychotic social worker was killed by Haddie. 

Though we don't understand the nature of Lun's abductor we know Haddie is a 
"Scythe". All we know about Scythes can be summed up thus: they seem nice, but 
they're also interested in human brains. There is at least one other Scythe that 
goes by the name of Cats. 

Oh, and Breq and Bethod of Proxima Centauri A's Lunar district destroyed 
humanity twice over. But that doesn't happen for another five years in wall
clock time. 

---

All the stars in the sky: I

Avaya shuffled into her office thinking about what the day held in store for
her. Her life as an assistant professor had more or less come to a stand still.
Here she was, an aspiring researcher in experimental cosmology, teaching a class
on classical mechanics with zero publications in the last sixteen months. 
Cosmology was not really the type of field one could experiment with, seriously, 
it was just easier to accept that the universe split everytime a cat couldn't 
decided if it wanted to live. And Classical mechanics, well, Newton had that 
pretty much covered from day one.

The only hope of a passing break was to suck up to some tenured prof writing a
paper on quantum something or the other. "Gluons" was a good word to get stuck
to. She'd been working this angle for months and finally got herself some time
with the Hadron Collider. Busy work. All she wanted was enough brownie points to
get her hands on the LIGO telescope. 

It had taken her a couple of months to realize she was being played. She'd 
always thought of herself as the rising star, but the pattern was obvious now.
Every tenured prof she got paired with was broke. And no funding meant no
runtime on fancy equipment. And that, in turn, made her an armchair cosmologist.

She'd finally cracked the cycle when she met mister Gluon. Fifty, close to
retirement, and severely over-funded with defense contracts, he wasn't too 
concerned about where she spent his credits. On paper, she was spending it 
crashing protons into each other, in reality, she spent it watching black holes 
collide. 

So now here she really was, part of a grumpy cabal of quantum physicists trying
to unsuccessfully mate 2 fundamental particles because they weren't satisfied 
with the Almighty's explanation. If she didn't produce a trial and inquiry into 
the origins of the universe in two months, she'd have to make like an electron 
and transition states. Back to her Sweet Home in West Kodaikanal, where the 
skies were so brown because they reflected the dung her family dumped into river
springs. 

All in the name of Justice, she told herself, as she opened her email spam 
folder. She'd even co-opted the sys-admin to funnel the expense reports of her
LIGO run time through the Collider's accounting group. Unfortunately, the kid 
was an ass hat who often forgot to set the subject line, sending the report
straight to spam. She made a mental note to buy him a drink before bringing it
up, he was probably doing this by hand for her. 

As she filtered through the subject-less emails in her spam she noticed that one
fo them didn't have any flags in the summary view. Flags indicated links or
attachments. Almost all real spam had a link, and expense reports had an
attached bill of usage. Curious and half dreading adult content, she opened the 
email from an hour ago. 

If anyone made a movie about her life till now, it would probably not incldue a 
disclaimer, but if it did, it would say: kids, don't open your spam.  

It was a curious email. It had a single line: "Hello Dr.Avaya."

Okay, she thought to herself, a Nigerian prince? or ass-hat playing tricks? 

"I am very busy and don't have time for pranks. If you genuinely want to discuss 
something, sign up for office hours."

She hit send. In a few minutes, even before she'd clicked on the next mail, she 
got a response. 

"Based on your response I must refine my initial greeting. Hello Dr.Eckman. At
exactly 8pm tonight I will sing for you. This is how I choose to introduce 
myself."

Bizzare, even by black hole standards. She puzzled over it for a few 
minutes before dismissing it altogether. For one, encouraging creeps was a 
universally bad idea, and for another, she already had a date with a 
gravitational interoferometer at 8. 

The email was swept out of her mind as she badged into the LIGO at 7pm that 
night, replaced by thoughts of the galaxy cluster she'd been tracking for the 
last few weeks. As she focussed the telescope, her mind drifted to the last time
she'd observed the birth of a pulsar. The gravitational waves coming out of it 
had registered a solid 10^-24, amongst the strongest observed, but some old fart 
in Sweden had already claimed the observation. These days, any of them would be 
lucky to get a strain reading higher than.. she checked the display on the 
interferometer.. 10^-12.

She froze. 

10^-12 was almost a million times higher than anything anyone had ever seen. She
ran to the skygrabber, panting and struggling to focus it in time to catch a
stellar event. It wasn't the highest resolution telescope, but gravitational 
waves of that strength had to be from a really powerful star explosion. She 
wanted to see it, even if some fucker in the vatican saw it first. 

An itch in the back of her head said something was wrong; an explosion that size 
should be observable with the naked eye. Not that she'd know where to look 
without the grabber's help, but some smart cookie in Caltech should've predicted 
that two black holes would be slow dancing by now. 

The space telescope showed nothing. Just the bald night sky. At first, she
thought she was focussing it on the wrong horizon. She hadn't used one of these 
in years. She fiddled with the wavelength calibrator for a few minutes before 
deciding to re-check the LIGO reading, cursing her luck that the same telescope
didn't detech both types of waves. 

It was back to ambient levels. Probably just disturbance from a party down at 
the Naganath temple. Had she imaged the spike? 

She went back to the space telescope to confirm. Sometimes it caught a delayed
portrait so she'd set it to record at 1000fps. Still nothing. 

And then the whole sky went black. 

For a moment, Avaya though she was having a black out, but the room stood still.
Unsurprisingly, the sky came into sharp focus as she fit her eye back into the 
eyepiece.

Was she losing it? She decided to just take a minute and stare at the stars to
compose herself. Counting the constellations had a claming effect on her.
Sometimes she'd try to focus on Sagittarius-A. She used to catch most of Orion 
from her bedroom as a kid, but had to go up to the terrace to find Canis. 

And then, without warning, it happened again. One second, stars, the next, the 
entire sky went black. Except this time, she observed the transition. Stars, 
black, stars again. The entire night sky had just winked at her. 

She checked the time. It was 8:02pm. 
She pulled out her handheld and found the subject-less email in her spam. 

"You have my attention. I really hope, for your own sake, that you haven't 
hacked the interoferometer". 

In a few minutes, she received a reply. 

"Hello again doctor. My name is Breq"

---

Two Hard Things

A Netscape engineer is credited with the following quote: 

> There are only two hard things in Computer Science: cache invalidation and 
naming things.

I find Nomencleature in a SciFi story _actually_ harder than Nomencleature in 
computer science. Real talk. At least I have SciFi names to choose from for my
loop variables.

Old habits die hard. 

Some of my characters are named after characters in other stories. More 
precisely, I always seem to like side characters that die or stop showing up, 
and I want to resuscitate them through my writing. 

* Breq got her name from a psychologist friend who made me take a Behavioral 
  Regulation in Exercise Questionnaire. I was going somewhere with this, I
  swear.
* Bethod: Villain in the First Law universe. I don't know if he actually shows
  up. People just keep talking about him.
* Avaya: contortion of a real life name. 
* Haddie: Had-die.  
* Lun: loony/lun-eye/lun-i.
* Cats: friends of Cat. 
* IGNACE KARKASY OMFG I TOTALLY NEED AN IGNACE KARKASY.

Also, I'm going to start including summaries in the appendix from here on out.
Plain vanilla narratives for people who can't stand mediocre writing. This 
chapter's summary should be quite straightforward, tldr: Avaya is Breq's 
daughter. What, you didn't get that? :D
