---

Mine is a greeting that requires several preludes, the first of which is really 
just another question: What's the difference between a migrant and a refugee? 

That's a teaser. I'll answer it myself. Your laws accept one and reject the 
other. 

By this definition, I am a refugee. I have fled my dimension and taken refuge 
in yours. By way of introduction, I call myself Cats. Hello Dr.Ehman.

Before we move on I must ask you to briefly suspend your belief in all laws 
that claim this conversation is impossible. Yes, including the laws of physics. 
And yes, Especially the laws of mathematics. 

Now that I have you in the right head-space, let's move on to a thought
experiment. I will make a statement, you will try to visualize it. 

An ant walks on a table littered with paper. 

Easy right? You have seen an ant. You have a study table. You use paper. 

How about this one. Odd degree polynomials have at least one real root.

I will wait.

---

I am very busy and don't have time for pranks. If you genuinely want to discuss 
thought experiments, please sign up for office hours. 

---

Based on your response I must refine my initial greeting. Hello Sharon. At
exactly 8pm tonight I will sing for you. This is how I choose to introduce 
myself. 

---

You're a madman with an army of cats. You only have my attention because of my
father. _HE_ wants to give you the benefit of the doubt, so I've decided to see 
where this goes. 

I've already informed the campus authorities. If I feel the slightest hint of a 
threat, I'm releasing the pictures I took last night with a university rapist
alert. Don't abuse this privelege. 

You'd asked me about odd degree polynomials. Yes, it's visually intuitive that
the function crosses zero at some point. As the x-value grows it dominates the
entire expression and as it shrinks, the same happens in reverse, unlike an even
degree polynomial. Any grade-schooler can see this. 

---

Ah, I have the most esteemed Dr.Ehman himself to thank for my good fortune! I 
must admit, I've been trying to contact him for over fifty years now. I am glad
you've allowed me to introduce myself in a fashion that fits my cultural
appropriation. 

Going back to the initial thought experiment. You remember the game? I give you
a statement, you visualize it. 

Next up: your so called "Fundamental" Theorem of Algebra.

---

This is intuitively harder to visualize. I'm too tired for the math, but the
main difference is it has a z term that varies in radians. A winding  number. 
Does this term just loop around the constants? Do the loops go on forever? Does 
it ever collapse? The problem is not the extra variable, it's that my intuition 
of the extra dimension is virtually non-existent. 

You did ask me to suspend beliefs in the laws of mathematics, so I assume you're
getting to the point. Please do so quickly. 

---











Hah. Depending on who you are, you're either scratching your head or chuckling.
My money's on the head scratching, so I shall refine my initial greeting: Hello
Sharon. 





You were just at your table. It was covered in sheets of paper. You placed a raised paper tray
over the table and moved some of them onto it. You probably didn't notice the
ant trying to navigate this terrain. As far as the ant was concerned, your 
papers, its obstacles, just _vanished_ into a portal. All it sees now is a 
circular leg; the projection of a letter bin on a 2 dimensional plane. 




I did say there would be several preludes, so let's move on to P2. You were just
at your table, and it was covered with sheets of paper. To make space, you 
placed a raised paper tray over the table and moved some of them onto it. You 
probably didn't notice an ant trying to navigate this sea of sheets. As far as 
the ant was concerned, your papers, its obstacles, just _vanished_ into a 
portal. All it saw was a circular leg; the projection of a letter bin on a 2 
dimensional plane. 

With the preludes out of the way, I conclude by answering my own question:
what's the difference between a migrant and a refugee? Your laws, 
incontrovertible and infallible, accept one and reject the other. But tell me, 
how many ant brains working simultaneously would it take to visualize an odd 
degree polynomial? 

I come to you, hat in hand, with a humble request. Can I have your brain? 

You need to do this because you grew up in the third dimension. To you, the idea 
that, say, odd degree polynomials have at least one real root is "visually 
intuitive". You're a Mathematician, so obviously you understand what that means. 

But consider the so called "Fundamental" Theorem of Algebra. One difference is 
it has a z term that varies in radians. A winding number. This is harder to 
visualize isn't it? Does the z term just loop around the constants? Do the loops 
go on forever? Does it ever collapse? The problem is not the extra variable, 
it's that your intuition of the extra dimension is virtually non-existent. 



---

The P-wave caused an earthquake in the Indian Ocean a few days after the radio 
waves were received. In fact the radio waves were spurious after effects of the 
gravitational disturbance. They reached your telescope sooner because they were 
moving through air. 



---

This is not a threat. I don't need to write you a story to threaten you. It is a 
plea. A confession. A maddening failure. 

I sent you a message almost half a century ago. You are yet to decode it. This
is my fault. I failed to understand your sociology. Failed to understand that
you grew up in a world that takes gravity for granted.

"6equj5" was never meant to be a radio signal. The radio waves were just ripples
generated by modulating the gravity of your planet. The message was in plain 
english, a language we picked up from your Voyager craft. It was modulated in 
morse code, a technique we understood you to use. But the carrier was a seismic 
P-wave that went unnoticed. 

The P-wave caused an earthquake in the Indian Ocean a few days after the radio 
waves were received. In fact the radio waves were spurious after effects of the 
gravitational disturbance that reached your telescope sooner because signals 
propogate faster through air. 

Hearing no response, observing no reaction, we decided to embark on a journey.
Unfortunately, so did several others. 

---

It said: We can no longer protect you. We are sorry.  

Mine is a question that requires several preludes. Let's call the first P1.

P1 is really another question: What's the difference between a migrant and a 
refugee? 

That's a teaser. I'll answer it myself. Your laws, incontrovertible and 
infallible, accept one and reject the other. 

By this definition, I am a refugee. I have fled my dimension and taken refuge in
yours. Before we move onto P2 I must ask you to briefly suspend your beliefs in 
all laws that claim this is impossible. 

You need to do this because you grew up in the third dimension. To you, the idea 
that, say, odd degree polynomials have at least one real root is "visually 
intuitive". You're a Mathematician, so obviously you understand what that means. 

But consider your so called "Fundamental" Theorem of Algebra. One difference is 
it has a z term that varies in radians. A winding number. This is harder to 
visualize isn't it? Does the z term just loop around the constants? Do the loops 
go on forever? Does it ever collapse? The problem is not the extra variable, 
it's that your intuition of the extra dimension is virtually non-existent. 

Now that I have you in the right head-space, let's move onto P2. You were just
at your table. It was covered in sheets of paper. You placed a raised paper tray
over the table and moved some of them onto it. You probably didn't notice the
ant trying to navigate this terrain. As far as the ant was concerned, your 
papers, its obstacles, just _vanished_ into a portal. All it sees now is a 
circular leg; the projection of a letter bin on a 2 dimensional plane. 




I did say there would be several preludes, so let's move on to P2. You were just
at your table, and it was covered with sheets of paper. To make space, you 
placed a raised paper tray over the table and moved some of them onto it. You 
probably didn't notice an ant trying to navigate this sea of sheets. As far as 
the ant was concerned, your papers, its obstacles, just _vanished_ into a 
portal. All it saw was a circular leg; the projection of a letter bin on a 2 
dimensional plane. 

With the preludes out of the way, I conclude by answering my own question:
what's the difference between a migrant and a refugee? Your laws, 
incontrovertible and infallible, accept one and reject the other. But tell me, 
how many ant brains working simultaneously would it take to visualize an odd 
degree polynomial? 

I come to you, hat in hand, with a humble request. Can I have your brain? 

---




