Transcript of emails going in and out of Dr.Shannon's 

Mine is a greeting that requires several preludes, the first of which is really 
just another question: What's the difference between a migrant and a refugee? 

That's a teaser. I'll answer it myself. Your laws accept one and reject the 
other. 

By this definition, I am a refugee. I have fled my dimension and taken refuge 
in yours. By way of introduction, I call myself Cats. Hello Dr.Ehman.

Before we move on I must ask you to briefly suspend your belief in all laws 
that claim this conversation is impossible. Yes, including the laws of physics. 
And yes, Especially the laws of mathematics. 

---

**T+30 minutes**

I am very busy and don't have time for pranks. If you genuinely want to discuss 
thought experiments, please sign up for office hours. 

---

Based on your response I must refine my initial greeting. Hello Sharon. At
exactly 8pm tonight I will sing for you. This is how I choose to introduce 
myself. 

---

You call that an introduction? You're a lunatic with an army of cats. You only 
have my attention because of my father. _HE_ wants to give you the benefit of 
the doubt, so I've decided to see where this goes. 

I've already informed the campus authorities. If I feel the slightest hint of a 
threat, I'm releasing the pictures I took last night with a university rapist
alert. Don't abuse this privelege. 

---

This is not a threat. I don't need to write you a song to threaten you. It is a 
plea. A confession. A maddening failure. 

I sent you a message almost half a century ago. You are yet to decode it. This
is my fault. I failed to understand your sociology. Failed to understand that
you grew up in a world that takes gravity for granted.

"6equj5" was never meant to be a radio signal. The radio waves were just ripples
generated by modulating the gravity of your planet. 

The message was in plain english, a language we picked up from your Voyager 
craft. It was encoded in morse code, a technique we understood you to use. But 
the carrier was a seismic P-wave that went unnoticed. 

Hearing no response, observing no reaction, we decided to embark on a journey.
Unfortunately, so did several others. 

---

Hey Grant,

Need a favor. Can you send me GPS tracks on the p-waves responsible for the 1977
Sumba earthquake? The one that happened in the Indian Ocean on August 19th. If 
it's too large, just send me the phase data.  

---

Attached. But I did you one better. Here's the actual ripple on a grid. Visual 
compressions on the grid show you plates that move together. Visual expansions, 
plates moving apart. I assume you're trying to track Electro-magnetic fallout
from the seismic activity? 

Anyways, dinner tonight with Nrek and Spence? Nreck's been raving about some
Thai place on Ariva. 

---

Dad,

Turns out you were right, as always. The mad man with the cats has an 
interesting lead. Hold your horses. 

---






