This is not a threat. I don't need to write you a story to threaten you. It is a 
plea. A confession. A maddening failure. 

I sent you a message almost half a century ago. You are yet to decode it. This
is my fault. I failed to understand your sociology. Failed to understand that
you grew up in a world that takes gravity for granted.

"6equj5" was never meant to be a radio signal. The radio waves were just ripples
generated by modulating gravitational waves. The message was in plain english, a 
language we picked up from your Voyager craft. It was modulated in morse code, a
technique we understood you to use.

It said: We can no longer protect you. We are sorry.  

Hearing no response, observing no reaction, we decided to embark on a journey.
Unfortunately, so did several others. 

---

Mine is a question that requires several preludes. Let's call the first P1.

P1 is really another question: What's the difference between a migrant and a 
refugee? That's a teaser. I'll answer it myself. Your laws, incontrovertible 
and infallible, accept one and reject the other. 

By this definition, I am a refugee. Before we move onto P2 I must ask you to 
briefly suspend your beliefs in the laws of mathematics. 

You need to do this because you grew up in the third dimension. To you, the idea 
that, say, odd degree polynomials have at least one real root is "visually 
intuitive". 


You're a sociologist, so maybe you have no idea what that means, but 
stay with me. 

If I show you a 2-D graph of an odd degree polynomial and explain that as the 
x-value grows it dominates the entire expression making it net positive, and as 
the x-value shrinks the same thing happens in the opposite direction, you will 
intuitively feel like it crosses zero at some point.

Now consider your so called "Fundamental" Theorem of Algebra. I'll spare you 
the math. One difference is it has a z term that varies in radians. A winding 
number. This is harder to visualize isn't it? Does the z term just loop around 
the constants? Do the loops go on forever? Does it ever collapse? The problem 
is not the extra variable, it's that your intuition of the extra dimension is 
virtually non-existent. 

So my counter question to you, my fellow sociopath, is this: Do higher 
dimensional beings find lower dimension concepts "visually intuitive"? What 
happens to their minds when you take this away from them? The key to 
understanding the sociology of dimensional migrants lies here. 

I did say there would be several preludes, so let's move on to P2. You were just
at your table, and it was covered with sheets of paper. To make space, you 
placed a raised paper tray over the table and moved some of them onto it. You 
probably didn't notice an ant trying to navigate this sea of sheets. As far as 
the ant was concerned, your papers, its obstacles, just _vanished_ into a 
portal. All it saw was a circular leg; the projection of a letter bin on a 2 
dimensional plane. 

With the preludes out of the way, I conclude by answering my own question:
what's the difference between a migrant and a refugee? Your laws, 
incontrovertible and infallible, accept one and reject the other. But tell me, 
how many ant brains working simultaneously would it take to visualize an odd 
degree polynomial? 

I come to you, hat in hand, with a humble request. Can I have your brain? 

---




