The world had gone soft. Maybe it was the slow dependence on processed foods.
Or the long periods of peace. But somewhere along the way, her grandparents,
her great grandparents, _someone_ in her lineage, had lost their ability to
torch ectoplasm. Just the thought of it was making her sick. 

She looked around, surveying the carnage. If she hadn't looked closely at the 
bodies till now it was only because she was distracted by the end of her species. 
Her eyes darted from shoulder to torso to arm, leg, leg.. looking for a pattern, 
an _MO_, but they were struggling to spot one. 

She'd seen kills. Saying she'd seen kills was like saying a squid'd seen ink. 
She _breathed_ them. The Marines, Spetsnaz, YAMAM, she'd studied them all and 
this was unlike any. If she didn't know better she'd say this was a ROKUT
decapitation strike. No survivors, no id, all the bodies left in uniform, 
headless. Except the Republic of Korea's Unauthorized Terminators would _take_ 
heads. It's easier to shove footballs in a gym bag than it is to pulverize them 
against the wall. That, and the _Unauthorized_ were heartless bastards. They'd
do anything to get _a head_. 

There was brain near the door. A piece of it was moving, crawling away from the
pool of pink around it. Probably an insect caught in the plasma. The bodies, 
those that were still bodies, were oozing blood from viscera like cranberry 
preserve. Bacterial colonies once held in check by intestinal lining were 
exposed to the recycled air in her pod, giving it the rich aroma of sourdough 
starter. She was almost hungry again. 

Lun was not squeamish by any reasonable standard. Quite the opposite, she was a
connoisseur of death. The problem was, her engineering temparament was 
overriding her military training. The lizard part of her brain was running like 
she'd just been handed an egg in a room full of egg-hunting vipers. Years of 
impluse conditioning were failing, leaving her crippled with self doubt. 
Reflexes were only useful in certain simple situations, namely, situations that 
a lizard could handle. An alien implant slaying MPs: as newfangled as a heroine 
in a Hemingway novel. But Lun had spent long years at the national academy
reading Jane Austen, and more importantly, solving completely novel problems in
Calc 1 and 2. Completely Novel, as she recalled, was just engineering for "hold
my beer".

_Reflexive Control_, the phrase jumped to her mind unbidden. The opening gambit
of a venerated general: spread disinformation that triggers blind reflexes in a 
less experienced opponent, then brutally counter, leaving them in doubt of their 
every impulse. What disinformation was this thing feeding her, and why? Was it 
really as dangerous as it was projecting? 

She recounted the facts with this perspective. 

There were body parts all around, at least three whole bodies in a eight by 
eight meant for one. That meant one every few feet. MPs. Soldiers. Friends.. If 
you could call them that. Chung-He, Fang, Humin, she'd know them from their shoe 
sizes, but the concept of friendship was wasted on her. _Non-friends_. Almosts.
Maybes. 

But they were already dead, if they were lucky. The corridor cams would've 
caught *something* before her pod slammed shut, if _she_ was lucky. 
Reinforcements would arrive in under fifteen minutes, officers from next door, 
in under five. But those were the boundry conditions of luck in the DPRK, where 
traitors were taken alive at all cost. A court marshal would be polite, a double 
tap to the skull, a courtesy. 

The blood splattered walls had led her to a definitive conclusion: She needed to
get people away from _It_. She almost struck a match for the smoke detectors 
before relizing she didn't know where they were, they were embedded in the 
walls. There was no guarantee they would trigger on a low flame, plus, she 
didn't want to waste the one opportunity she had to trigger an evac drill. If 
_It_ could paralyze her, _It_ could fence her in, and she was helpless fenced. 
She had better chances tricking _It_ into a ritualistic corpse burning, provided 
she didn't dry heave to death in the process.  

Best case scenario, someone would shoot her in the head. 
