The world had gone soft. Maybe it was the slow dependence on processed foods.
Or the long periods of peace. But somewhere along the way, her grandparents,
her great grandparents, _someone_ in her lineage, had lost their ability to
torch ectoplasm. Just the thought of it was making Lun sick. 

"So let's work this out methodically chingu."

Lun's engineering temparament was overriding her military training. The lizard 
part of her brain was running like she'd just been handed an egg in a room full 
of egg-hunting vipers. Years of impluse conditioning were failing her. 

There were body parts all around, at least three, in a eight by eight cell meant 
for one. MPs. Soldiers. _Friends_. Chung-He, Fang, Humin, she'd know them all from 
their shoe sizes. She was crippled by self doubt. Reflexes were only useful in 
certain simple situations, namely, situations that a lizard could handle. An 
alien implant slaying MPs, as newfangled as a heroine in a Hemingway novel. But 
Lun had spent four long years at the national academy, and Completely Novel is 
just engineering for Quotidian. 

_Reflexive Control_, the phrase jumped to her mind unbidden. The opening gambit
of a venerated general: spread disinformation that triggers blind reflexes in a 
younger opponent, then brutally counter it, leaving them in doubt of their every 
impulse. What disinformation was this thing feeding her, and why? Was it really 
as lethal as it appeard? 

She recounted the facts with this new perspective. 

The MPs were already dead, if they were lucky. The corridor cams would've caught
*something* before her pod slammed shut, if she was lucky. Reinforcements would 
arrive in under fifteen minutes, officers from next door, in under five. But
those were the boundry conditions of everyone's luck in the DPRK, where traitors 
were taken alive at all cost. A court marshal would be polite, a double tap to 
the skull in the privacy of a dank cellar, a courtesy. 

"Can you kill everyone on this base? 84 people?"

Her current best option was to create a diversion and evacuate the building. Get
people away from _it_. She'd considered sticking a match in the smoke detector, 
but she didn't want to waste the one opportunity she had to trigger it. If _it_ 
could paralyze her, _it_ could fence her in. And she was helpless fenced. She 
had better chances tricking _it_ into a ritualistic corpse burning. 

"No, but I can ..can you show me?", it said, sounding almost childish. 

_Show you what? How to kill the rest of my squad?_ 

She was suddenly back in chem lab. Making equations up as she went, hoping the
professor didn't spot anything, praying that life didn't sprout out of a 
bubbling test tube. She decided to call _it_'s bluff. 

"I don't understand how you just killed these three. Can _you_ show _me_?"

_Silence_

Lun looked around, surveying the carnage. The bodies, those that were still 
bodies, were oozing blood from viscera like cranberry preserve. Bacterial 
colonies once held in check by intestinal lining were exposed to the recycled 
air in her pod, giving it the rich aroma of sourdough starter. She was almost 
hungry again. 

She was not squeamish by any reasonable standard. Quite the opposite, she was a
connoisseur of death. If she hadn't looked closely at the bodies till now it
was only because she was distracted by the end of her species. Her eyes darted
from shoulder to torso looking for a pattern, an _MO_, but they were struggling 
to spot one. 

She'd seen kills. Saying she'd seen kills was like saying a squid's seen ink. 
She breathed them. The Marines, Spetsnaz, YAMAM, she'd studied them all and 
this was unlike any. If she didn't know better she'd say this was a ROKUT
decapitation strike. No survivors, no id, all the bodies left in uniform, 
headless. Except the Republic of Korea's Unauthorized Terminators would _take_ 
heads. It's easier to shove footballs in a gym bag than it is to pulverize them 
against the wall. That, and the _Unauthorized_ were heartless bastards. They'd
do anything to get _a head_. 

".. chingu..", she taunted. 

_Still silence_

"Do you know what sharks are?", she said it _at_ the voice this time, hoping and 
praying _it_ wasn't shutting her out.  

_More silence_

This was bad, and Lun knew it. First rule of hostage negotiation, keep 'em
talking, second rule, make 'em realize they can't get away with it. Till a 
few minutes ago _it_ was more garrulous than a bevy of horny drunks, and louder 
than their morning hangovers.

"It's like you just dipped a bloody finger in a pool of hungry sharks and threw 
me in the water. Help me out here." 

Maybe _it_ was sandbagging. Maybe the conversation was a tardy attempt at 
distraction. _It_ had just given 3 MPs a tour of the metaphysical without
breaking a sweat after all. 

A theory was germinating in Lun's head. Maybe she was _it_s muse - friend, foil, 
audience, target all rolled into one. What if _it_ was also an running an 
experiment. What if _it_ needed her for something, something larger.

"No, but I can ..can you show me?", it quipped again, this time female 
soundingly.  

Lun came to the same conclusion for a second time, she had to call _it_s bluff.

"I've never done that, so no, I can't show you. It's a metaphor", she said, 
without breaking stead. 

_Was it just replaying replies to her questions now?_

"Do you know what snakes are?", she said, testing a slight variance of the
previous question. 

"No, but I can ..can you show me?", it said, sounding moronic by now. 

It was almost like _it_ was hanging on the last sensible thing _it_ had said to 
her. Was it a program? Could everyone else hear it too? The germinating theory 
was grafting saplings of its own.

"Meta-for.. what?", this time Lun thought it sounded like a child again. 

She decided to keep playing, if only to see to see where this was leading.
Program or not, _It_ seemed to be having some sort of mental crisis. 

"No no, that's a word by itself, _Metaphor_. Never mind, let's switch to logic"

"What're you doing?", moronic head-voice was back (she was obviously dousing
the pant leg of the closest corpse with inflammables).

Lighting a match, Lun said, "getting rid of the blood before the sharks smell 
it. And that's the easy part. The hard part's when someone starts knocking on 
this door", true lies, very soon someone was either going to knock on the door 
or throw a flashbang.

The sprinklers went off. 
And then, as if awoken from a deep slumber by a younger sibling, the klaxons 
started blaring, dwarfing the drone of the smoke alarm. 

Suddenly Lun's head was filled with overlapping, disembodied voices. The
original voice was faded and subdued. There were at least.. the female, the 
moronic, the original monotone and the childish.. four more, all making
insensible sounds garbled with bad english. Bits of it here sounded like
colloquial. She could make out "Bich" and "ubag hiteulleo". 

She realied with a start that those were the exact, and only, Korean words 
she'd used. 

She tried to decipher more of the caucophony, ignoring the Klaxons and her own 
urge to run out the door screaming. The child sounded angry. Short staccato 
bursts of sound. There were definitely different emotions involved. And
different _It_s. _They_ were all in her head. It was starting to dawn on Lun 
that everything _it_ had told her was a lie. Suddenly something like 
transmission static erupted in her ears. She could still hear the voices, but 
there was a uniform hissing in the background. 

Lun had no idea what was hijacking her head, no idea why the officers from next 
door hadn't already come knocking, but she knew where not to look a gift horse. 
A lucky break and a plan were two more wishes than any admiral had been offered 
in the known history of invasions, and Lun had both, even if the plan was made 
decades ago in the reverie of a recluse, by an over protective sister. 

Lun pulled out her phone and dialed Supreme Commander Wen Wen Fuang. 

---

Lun's engineering temparament was overriding her military training. Reflexive
conditioning is only useful in situations similar to those used to prime said
reflexes. An alien implant slaying MPs knocking on her front door classified as 
Completely Novel. And "Completely Novel" is engineering for "Quotidian". So she
was going to employ the scientific method on this thing, talk it into silence, 
then bore it into senescence.

Her brain had somehow bio-fenced the thing. It wasn't messing with her motor
strip any longer. It wasn't even talking much. Now she had to actively think 
_at_ it, meaning she _could_ ignore it, and that scared the hell out of her. 

"I said, can you kill _everyone_ on this base? all 84 people?"

Silence. 

Lun looked around, surveying the carnage. The bodies, those that were still 
bodies, were oozing blood from viscera like cranberry preserve. Bacterial 
colonies once held in check by intestinal lining were exposed to the recycled 
air in her pod, giving it the rich aroma of sourdough starter. She was almost 
hungry again. 

She was not squeamish by any measure of standard. Quite the opposite, she was a
connoisseur of death. If she hadn't looked closely at the bodies till now it
was only because she was distracted by the end of her species. Her eyes darted
from shoulder to torso looking for a pattern, an _MO_, and she was struggling to
spot one. 

She'd seen kills. Saying she'd seen kills was like saying a squid's seen ink. 
She breathed them. The Marines, Spetsnaz, YAMAM, she'd studied all of them and 
this was unlike any. If she didn't know better she'd say this was a ROKU 
decapitation strike. No survivors, no id, all the bodies left in uniform, 
headless. Except the ROKU would _take_ heads, it's a lot easier to shove 
footballs in a gym bag than it is to pulverize them against the wall. That and
the ROKU were heartless bastards who loved their trophies. 

This was bad, and Lun knew it. First rule of hostage negotiation, keep 'em
talking, second rule, make 'em realize they can't get away with it. Till a 
few minutes ago _it_ was louder than a drunk comedian with a mic. 

"Simultaneously, I can pull off a couple of headwounds. Double that number and 
I can maim them. Triple it and I can probably make them giggle long enough to.."

It was sandbagging. The dad-joke was a tardy attempt at distracting her. It had 
just given 3 MPs a tour of the metaphysical without breaking a sweat. Lun was 
slowing starting to realize something, she was its muse - friend, foil, audience 
and target all rolled into one, and it was running an experiment. Or it needed 
something, something she'd never volunteer. She had to call its bluff. 

"Long enough to.. _Escape?_"

"Why of course, now that you mention it, it almost sounds like we don't have a 
choice. We can _escape_ without killing the whole base.. But, I'll need you to 
give me a hand."

There it was, the bluff. If she wasn't looking out for it, she would've missed 
it. There was no negotiating with this thing. It needed her help, and it 
wouldn't hesitate to push them both into a corner before asking for it.  

She almost said "What makes you think I'm going to help you?", before actually
saying "Do you have a plan?". It seemed to consider the question, like it 
didn't, and then, "I just need to _see_".

Oh that. The eye surgery. She should've _seen_ that coming. It would ask for
control over her motor strip again, and when she stopped resisting, take over
both hemispheres. The eye was just a cover. Two could play at that game. 

"Fine. But I need to make a call. Don't ask questions, don't interrupt. We don't 
have time". Lun was still afraid it could inside-out her like it did the MPs. It 
had to think it was winning, right till the point it wasn't. She could sense her
own free will and it would buy her mere seconds. 

"Deal?", "Deal". 

Lun pulled out her mobile and dialed Wen. 

Wen didn't pick. It went straight to voicemail. Lun still remembered her siren
ringtone, no way she was ignoring it, she was either out cold or dead. 

"Hey Wen, remember that dead man's switch I gave you?"

Wen picked up. Her voice was raspy, breath coming in short gasps. 
Lun just continued

"_blast it out_. To everyone listening. Maximum power for as long as you can. 
Do it if I don't call back in an hour. Love you."

That was her lifeline. It was the best she could do. Call an ex who sounded like
she was having a baby and leave a message with a deadline.

Lun disconnected. _Check, motherfucker_.

There was a faint buzzing from outside her door, Lun recognized it as the sound
of several adjacent pod doors opening simultaneously. The buzzing stopped and a 
gravely voice came through the air gaps, "Admiral.. What's going on?".

Lun acted on instinct. "I'm holding.." She checked a badge " MP Fang Diyon 
hostage."

"What're you doing?", it said at her. 
"Buying us time".
"Admiral, you of all people should know how this is going to end"
"I want to talk to Col Sgt Deek Jun. Just him. Just for ten minutes. And then
I'll turn myself in and no one gets hurt"

Deek Jun was in the adjacent base a few kilometers out. This would buy her at
least twenty minutes. 

"Alright chingu, you have me for fifteen minutes. Improvise. Stall everyone at
the door with hostage negotiation tactics if you have to. If you still can't see 
when the reinforcements arrive we're both dead."

---

Lun awoke with a haptic jerk to beatific, skull shattering grunge metal. She 
crawled out of bed cursing the katzenjammer, looking around for whosever's socks 
smelt of prehistoric goat cheese. 

Her first clue that something was amiss was that everyone had their shoes on.
The second clue was the.. "everyones", or rather, what remained of them. The 
bodies, those that were still bodies, were oozing blood from viscera like 
cranberry preserve. Bacterial colonies once held in check by intestinal lining 
were exposed to the recycled air in her pod, giving it the rich aroma of 
sourdough starter. She was almost hungry again. 

Lun snapped upright with a start and grabbed her service revolver. _That's the 
sound of a bolter saw hacking through a steel door you dumb bitch_, she thought 
as she pointed the gun at her temple and pulled the trigger. 

This was done with the cold finality of a premeditated action. One that had been 
pre-meditated for a lot longer than the fifteen minutes of REM sleep currently 
being rudely interruped by ungrateful MPs and their ingratiating bolter saws. 

And in her head, something else awakened..

---

Wen picked up as soon as she heard Lun's voice but froze in place when she heard
the message. 

"Lun.. I woke up blind.. ", she stuttered. She wanted to say something about the
stars in the sky instead. Something cheesy. Something she knew Lun would've 
giggled at ten years ago. But that's what came out, and Lun had already hung up.
Fuck it. 
3599. 3598. 3597. 
She could throw the dead man's switch in her sleep. 

---

**T+60 minutes+360 days**

The pointman on the X60 inter-stellar explorer had just received the one message 
all fifteen ships in the fleet had dreaded ever since they'd left earth five 
years ago. A simple 3 line message, decoded simultaneously over radio and gamma. 

"Earth has come into contact with a warfaring civilization. Treat any further
contact from the planet as a ruse. By the time you hear this you may be the only 
surviving humans in the universe. Act accordingly."

The source was signed and verified as DPRK military head commander Wen Wen 
Fuang. 

_Know that vestigial organ we call a mouth? Yeah, we used it to communicate.
Till one day telepathic over beings showed up and thought we literally wanted 
them to "beat it". _That's_ what it took for us to stop using English._


